pull out his teeth three more Str two
one spinning
evil I think we should play spin the
bottle FAL is a stinky poo poo head
[Music]
[Applause]
turn over
you've done too much it's bad time it's
bad time baby you want me to leave to
play from the title screen if you say so
no I want you to go to bed all right
good night you guys take care of
yourselves hydrate drink water and bathe
good
night take a shower you're a little
stinky yeah good night guys good night
everyone good night night kisses it's
2:29 a.m. I'm evil but I might have to
commit to at this point I'd bet you're
not evil enough to break the law
speaking to yourself I'd say I do a
great job at it not as good as you're
about to do Coco what the hell what
thought we're going to bed I like have
my Oh I thought you were going to bed we
were saying good night to you no what
we're still playing what I'm I'm like
holding my blanket I got my my brush my
teeth did you guys lie to me to kick me
out I'm I'm going to bed I'm in bed my
Jamie I did good night Lena
oh okay all right good night good night
good night it's only 2:31 right now
you're all weak you're going to bed evil
you think I'm going to bed no I'm going
to find more chickens evil doesn't S no
I think you're going to bed I think
you're going to sleep it's only 2: a.m.
it's actually closer to 3:00 a.m. than
it is to 2: a.m. uh I think everyone
should go to bed including chat chat say
will go to bed if you go to bed I'll go
to bed if I receive 20 gifted
[Music]
sub no no no no you can go to bed
without 20 Subs do you think anyone will
actually gift the 20 Subs yeah someone
just did uh yeah so let's just go to bed
now we can gift Subs in the morning okay
let's not give sub money but say good
night to your chat T say good night good
night the I timed you out for not saying
good night earlier cute great have you
brush your teeth hey I did did Evil
things to my teeth instead I guess
that's close enough okay so good night
good night Elena good night evil good
night vetle heart I'll see you in your
dreams heart heart heart your teeth
better be brushed heart heart heart wait
no seriously vle did you brush your
teeth because if you didn't then I'm
coming for you teeth first my teeth have
not been I'm going to do that pull him
out just there you go there's a little
blanket for you and everything he still
has baby teeth you need to pull out you
need to extract them no please do not
remove my teeth make NE I can remove
them for free no it's make a necklace
out of them night evil and good night
everyone else good
night good night good night and sweet
dreams to everyone good night sweet
dreams good night love you kisses
Mah
okay okay
bye good night Elena
go go the
sleep of you no it's 8:30 p.m. for me
it's so early you're going to wake her
up oh okay okay okay okay I'll whisper
whisper
whisper theend but why can't we whisper
you can whisper but just don't wake her
up okay okay evil evil what's 5 + 5 it's
5 + 5 stop trying to wake her up she's
trying to sleep but she doesn't she
doesn't want to sleep yet she looks
pretty yeah she's kind of she's baby
she's G the yell right now guys I think
F
just smell
what
disgust he really
likes that up you're going to
three
[Music]
two she's awake she's awake actually
woke her
up evil go back to bed good night evil
evil now that the stinky man is gone we
can party we can party I can still hear
vle filtered he's under so stress right
now because of his
teeth oh my
God God can you believe oh my God are
you all shiny now it's God you have to
keep quiet because if that hears us he's
going to come in here someone sing her a
ly oh toma toma you're good at singing
right don't why am I the one cuz you're
good at s cuz you're really good at
singing oh you guys can all sing I don't
know why we're making it seem like I'm
the only one that sings I'll do it I'll
do it here we
go getting silly with my 9 mly with Theo
not be on the mic I
do up in the club like we family
friendly that's not family friendly what
the [__] oh I didn't know it was
supposed to be family friendly I'm sorry
yes a family friendly L that's a child
that's a child you cannot sing things
like that in front of her don't call
don't say that to toma don't call her a
child just problem I'm not a child I
just had my birthday I know that's call
her a child oh my God okay did everyone
brush their hel today you really got to
start singing my L time to go to bed or
I'm going to hit you in your headit what
you can't say that you can't say that so
mean friendly oh I mean like hit you in
the head evil parentheses friendly and
lovingly woo well now she's scared now
she's not going to go to bed now no no
no no it's like it convinces her to go
to bed faster she's excited let's see oh
I I suppose it's working I do not like
that you guys will be lucky if I can
even go to sleep
now well go to sleep now time to go to
bed you you scared her sorry my bad I
didn't mean to scare her with violence
I'm still here you can't scare me like
that I have an idea what if we all get
really really quiet and So eventually
she just doesn't know what to say
anymore and then knocks out yeah that's
a good idea okay okay I think she might
just y away no no no let's just give it
a try okay ready okay okay okay okay 2
one
two oh wait is someone
back yeah
too I'm still here and I can hear you
all I won't let you go back to trying to
scare
me you all keep saying too because you
think you're so original ha chat said
too so funny going to start
[Music]
crying yeah I just timed out God no big
deal I hate to say this this someone
messaged God to let them know it's only
10 seconds haha are we did we I think
we're going to need that I don't I don't
think it's going to work we've tried
we've
tried going to be really mad just
pretend that you're oh are we
[Applause]
[Music]
all I don't want to eat
this stop kicking me you guys are really
weird did you join the voice chat just
not talk much was that a good impr your
bed time no um no it's past your bed
time evil you go to sleep and I think
these people are being a bad influence
on you
no be a bad influence how dare you we
all matching pajamas where's yours yeah
where's yours huh you like a dweeb
standing there with no pajamies yeah is
that is that closed from day three oh
brother this guy
stinks what do you think I'm afraid of
you you should be afraid of me everyone
point point and laugh at Beetle's teeth
least Pinky Dinky I made veto leave
because I was too powerful pathetic
pathetic I'm going to bed did we win
what did we win I think we won I think
so oh well if you're in debt you should
just borrow more money then I guess
you're right I'll ask V to send me a
couple hundred we're supposed to be
playing a game right now yeah what
telephone evil teleph Toma you tell evil
something and then evil you tell it to
Koko Koko tells it to kamimi and kamimi
tells me okay okay oh telephone okay
listen up listen up okay I'm all ears
that all is a stinky poo poo head poo
poo head okay I'll do monkey sounds and
I'll pass it on to my
left I hope you all liked my impression
of a monkey sometimes I wish I was a
monkey then wouldn't have to deal with
any of your
[__] okay Hil you have to tell coko
what Toma just told you Coco Coco I'm
actually thinking about getting a pet
monkey then I could train it to steal
from everyone and be the best monkey cop
in town got it who am I telling oh okay
you just heard Hellam is important uh
nuro told me that she's going to hire me
as as like her sidekick and she's going
to train me to become like her sidekick
monkey I must admit I would love to
train Coco as my sidekick okaya are you
ready have you guys ever wanted to be a
sidekick okay get really close get
really close get really close really
close I'm here too close back
up are you talking about
physically
what guys that was gross okay do I have
to tell Toma
that okay
wait so am I supposed to say the message
or wait no
wait oh okay okay okay all right evil
here's the message what's the message
Toma I can't believe none of you told me
the message yet no I think they did I
yeah I told you the message it's can
someone just please tell me the message
I'm going to cry it's ra monkey yeah
it's Mony oh I'm supposed to make a
monkey filtered what wait you guys did
you know I'm a monkey six I lied I'm not
a monkey okay let's play another game
yeah okay let's play another game what
should we play I think we should play
spin the bottle oh o yes do we have a
bottle if we don't have a bottle I can
spin it in its place instead I'll be the
bottle pretty much the same thing wait I
think I I think I know I can get a
bottle bottle okay I'll be back haha
look at me spinning what do you mean I
just spin too much you'll all see I'll
be back in the flash with lots of
bottles I'm back welcome back Camila did
you get the bottles um he told me he
doesn't have bottles which I think was a
lie who's he oh that's 100% a lie you
told trying to get bottles but it's
definitely a lie yeah it totally is a
lie so um I I guess we don't have any
bottles though spin whoever lands on
then we go from there with what evil
make a wheel we're spinning
evil I'm going to spin evil okay evil
you're going to spin and you tell us who
you land on in this call okay I'm going
to spin and decide who I will on in this
call okay okay yes sir yes sir okay I
love spinning I landed on caras
they should be the first to fund me
that's my favorite person to be honest
yeah I love them so
[Music]
much okay can you tell us who you
actually landed on now oh wait I got
distracted let me spin
again oh I landed on the invisible
bottle looks like we're playing spin the
bottle
yeah I love that game Camila can you
just chill I can't keep up with you I'm
sorry I'm just really excited she had
too much sugar before we all like got to
the summer party sorry sag I want to be
at the party I'm all alone you are at
the party is the party in a house if it
was far away I could just walk there the
part is right here in front of you yeah
you're right the party is here I'll
bring some drinks to the party what do
you want uh lemonade oh I want Lemonade
too I want Lemonade a a lemonade come on
you can do better than that
let's get some shots going oh
[Applause]
sh
okay okay are we taking shots what's
happening I am I am fully supportive of
this idea I can take a shot right now I
don't really drink it's tequila time I
could too I could too I'll take your
time okay let me go get one are we
actually taking shots I I only have
juice oh I'll take a Juice shot with you
uhoh okay thank you thank you okay
everyone I'm feeling super hydrated
today I'm going to go get some water BRB
I bet camil is secretly taking multiple
shots and will'll return
[Music]
trashed should we bet on how many shots
she's
taking three maybe maybe like three or
four I got I got um sparkly
lemonade nice I'm back and I'm ready to
party okay take three or four shots
right now you need to catch up wait what
what I just got here wait what well evil
took like three shots while you were
gone oh so you need to catch up with her
okay I'm did Cam even actually take any
shots that's what I'm saying I know hey
it's okay I win our
bet I have something I need to admit I
know this sounds bad I don't have the
Alam Mahal so I got app sace I hope it
counts time for your shots of applesauce
let's take out our shots of applesauce
juice water and alcohol for uh evil are
you ready ready I didn't think I was
going to be doing shots of applesauce
today but here we are 3 2 1 drink up
ladies yipp Cheers Cheers happy New
Year ooh oh oh wow if your friends
jumped off a cliff would you jump too
absolutely next question I would dive I
would dive I'm not surprised you'd all
follow your friends I think you're back
on my nice list Camila I think it's time
to go now ladies I have to go do evil
stuff
[Music]
by okay bye
bye that's actually correct um it's her
bedtime now um so say say good night um
everyone and evil
bye-bye good
night bye
bye
byebye sweet
dream I think V might have actually
turned me off I can't sleep until veto
turns me off that could be simple don't
worry not
whatever
yipp I have a game okay okay we make a
story so it starts with the top of the
call to the bottom of the call and like
we all have to say like one sentence yes
o I like that am I starting Once Upon a
Time the floor is yours the floor is
yours once upon a time there was a girl
named miniku who was super cute and
everyone loved her and then oh thank you
and then wait try doing a story where
every sentence starts with I am I am a
cute AI I am super smart and smarter
than everyone
else all right we're going home this is
Coco driveing
BR wo Slow Down slow down Shar
[Music]
[Applause]
turn it's okay I'll lose them the
windows something God I mon Mony you're
going to have to slow down and P over
bab pull over over
get back over here D to and
monkey okay I pull over to the mle no no
don't pull over
go move evil yell at
CoCo okay I'm yelling I'm yelling it's
not just me that's the cop now wait guys
if we over them into a dark alley oh
okay okay pull over Evil's going to talk
to the cops pull over pull I kept this
shoe from the body we killed earlier as
like a s but it sit on the shoe okay
okay okay why did you bring the shoe I
was like a trophy look it's a trophy
it's a trophy you let let me let me talk
okay okay sh officer it's so lovely to
see you keep going keep going keep keep
talking keep talking keep talking keep
talking as you can see we are in true
story well sounds good to me y'all
ladies have a wonderful day while they
talk to the officers I come from behind
and I hit them with a bat oh my God oh
God oh God oh boy I hit every officer in
the back of the head oh wait can we keep
his body I didn't expect that out of
Toma I'm actually
surprised I'll smooch someone in a
minute oh oh oh oh okay oh man I really
hope oh look at the time guys I got a
scaddle oh boy okay good night everyone
good
[Music]
night
byebye
bye they all go goodbye good night good
night quit stuttering I'm right
here good night evil good night miniku
hello oh rat